Yellow, black. Yellow, black.
Ooh, black and yellow!
Yeah, let's shake it up a little.
Barry! Breakfast is ready!
Coming!
Hang on a second.
Hello?
- Barry?
- Adam?
- Can you believe this is happening?
- I can't. I'll pick you up.
Looking sharp.
Barry, why don't you use the stairs.
Your father paid good money for those.
Sorry. I'm excited.
Here's the graduate.
We're very proud of you, son.
And a perfect report card, all B's.
Very proud.
Ma! I got a thing going here.
- You got lint on your fuzz.
- Ow! That's me!
- Wave to us! We'll be in row 118,000.
- Bye!
Barry, I told you,
stop flying in the house!
- Hey, Adam.
- Hey, Barry.
- Is that fuzz gel?
- A little. It's a special day, finally graduating.
Never thought I'd make it.
Yeah, three days of grade school,
three days of high school.
Those were awkward.
Three days of college. I'm glad I took off one day
in the middle and just hitch-hiked around the hive.
You did come back different.
- Hi, Barry.
- Hey Artie.
Artie, growing a moustache? Looks good.
- Hey, did you hear about Frankie?
- Yeah.
- You going to his funeral?
- No, I'm not going to his funeral.
Everybody knows,
you sting someone, you die.
You don't waste it on a squirrel.
He's such a hothead.
Yeah, I guess he could have
just gotten out of the way.
I love this incorporating an amusement
park right into our regular day.
I guess that's why they say
we don't need vacations.
Boy, quite a bit of pomp,
under the circumstances.
- Well, Adam, today we are men.
- We are!
- Bee-men.
- Amen!
Hallelujah!
Students, faculty, distinguished bees,
please welcome Dean Buzzwell.
Welcome, New Hive City
graduating class of
9:15.
And that concludes our
graduation ceremonies.
And begins your career
at Honex Industries!
Are we gonna pick our job today?
I heard it's just orientation.
Heads up! Here we go.
Keep your hands and antennas
inside the tram at all times.
- Wonder what it's gonna be like?
- A little scary.
Welcome to Honex,
a division of Honesco
and a part of the Hexagon Group.
This is it!
Wow.
We know that you, as a bee,
have worked your whole life
to get to the point where you
can work for your whole life.
Honey begins when our valiant Pollen
Jocks bring the nectar to the hive.
Our top-secret formula
is automatically colour-corrected,
scent-adjusted and bubble-contoured
into this soothing sweet syrup
with its distinctive
golden glow you know as...
Honey!
- That girl was hot.
- She's my cousin!
- She is?
- Yes, we're all cousins.
- Right. You're right.
- At Honex, we also constantly strive
to improve every aspect
of bee existence.
These bees are stress-testing
a new helmet technology.
- What do you think he makes?
- Not enough.
And here we have our latest advancement,
the Krelman.
- What does that do?
- Catches that little strand of honey
that hangs after you pour it.
Saves us millions.
Can anyone work on the Krelman?
Of course. Most bee jobs are
small ones. But bees know
that every small job,
if it's done well, means a lot.
But choose carefully
because you'll stay in the job you pick
for the rest of your life.
The same job for the rest of your life?
I didn't know that.
What's the difference?
And you'll be happy to know that bees,
as a species, haven't had one day off
in 27 million years.
So you'll just work us to death?
We'll sure try.
Wow! That blew my mind!
"What's the difference?"
Adam, how could you say that?
One job forever?
That's an insane choice
to have to make.
Well, I'm relieved. Now we only have
to make one decision in life.
But, Adam, how could they
never have told us that?
Barry, why would you question anything?
We're bees.
We're the most perfectly
functioning society on Earth.
Yeah, but Adam, did you ever think that maybe
things work a little too well around here?
Like what? Give me one example.
I don't know. But you know
what I'm talking about.
Please clear the gate.
Royal Nectar Force on approach.
Wait a second. Check it out.
- Hey, those are Pollen Jocks!
- Wow.
I've never seen them this close.
They know what it's like
to go outside the hive.
Yeah, but some don't come back.
- Hey, Jocks!
- Hi, Jocks!
You guys did great!
You're monsters!
You're sky freaks! I love it! I love it!
- I wonder where those guys just went.
- I don't know.
Their day's not planned.
Outside the hive, flying who knows
where, doing who knows what.
You can't just decide one day
to be a Pollen Jock.
You have to be bred for that.
Right.
Look at that. That's more pollen
than you and I will see in a lifetime.
It's just a status symbol. I think
bees make too big a deal of it.
Perhaps. Unless you're wearing it
and the ladies see you wearing it.
Those ladies?
Aren't they our cousins, too?
Distant. Distant.
Look at these two.
- Couple of Hive Harrys.
- Let's have some fun with them.
It must be dangerous
being a Pollen Jock.
Yeah. One time a bear had me pinned up
against a mushroom!
He had a paw on my throat, and with the other, he
was slapping me back and forth across the face!
- Oh, my!
- I never thought I'd knock him out.
What were you doing during all of this?
Trying to alert the authorities.
I can autograph that.
A little gusty out there today,
wasn't it, comrades?
Yeah. Gusty.
We're gonna hit a sunflower patch
six miles from here tomorrow.
- Six miles, huh?
- Barry!
It's a puddle jump for us,
but maybe you're not up for it.
- Maybe I am.
- You are not!
We're going 0900 at J-Gate.
What do you think, buzzy-boy?
Are you bee enough?
I might be. It all depends
on what 0900 means.
- Hey, Honex!
- Dad, you surprised me.
Have you decided what
you're interested in, son?
- Well, there's a lot of choices.
- But you only get one.
Dad, do you ever get bored
doing the same job every day?
Son, let me tell you
something about stirring.
You grab that stick, and you just
move it around, and you stir it around.
You get yourself into a rhythm.
It's a beautiful thing.
You know, Dad,
the more I think about it,
maybe the honey field
just isn't right for me.
And you were thinking of what,
making balloon animals?
That's a bad job
for a guy with a stinger.
Janet, your son's not sure
he wants to go into honey!
- Barry, you are so funny sometimes.
- I'm not trying to be funny.
You're not funny! You're going
into honey. Our son, the stirrer!
- You're gonna be a stirrer?
- No one's listening to me!
Wait till you see the
sticks I have for you.
I could say anything right now.
I'm gonna get an ant tattoo!
Let's open some fresh honey and celebrate!
Maybe I'll pierce my thorax.
Shave my antennae.
Shack up with a grasshopper.
Get a gold tooth
and start calling everybody "dawg"!
I'm so proud.
- I can't believe we're starting work today!
- Today's the day.
Come on! All the good jobs
will be gone.
Yeah, right.
Pollen counting, stunt bee, pouring,
stirrer, front desk, hair removal...
- Is it still available?
- Hang on. Two left!
One of them's yours!
Congratulations, son!
Step to the side, please.
- What'd you get?
- Picking crud out. That is stellar!
Wow!
Couple of newbies?
Yes, sir! Our first day! We are ready!
Well, step up and make your choice.
- You want to go first?
- No, you go.
Oh, my. What's available?
Restroom attendant's always open,
and not for the reason you think.
- Any chance of getting onto the Krelman?
- Sure, you're on.
I'm sorry, the Krelman just closed out.
Wax monkey's always open.
The Krelman opened up again.
What happened?
Whenever a bee dies, that's an opening.
See that? He's dead. Dead. Another dead one.
Deady. Deadified. Two more dead.
Dead from the neck up.
Dead from the neck down. But that's life!
Oh, this is so hard!
Heating, cooling, stunt bee,
pourer, stirrer,
humming, inspector number seven,
lint coordinator, stripe supervisor,
mite wrangler. Barry, what
do you think I should... Barry?
Barry!
All right, we've got the sunflower patch
in quadrant nine...
What happened to you? Where are you?
- I'm going out.
- Out? Out where?
- Out there.
- Oh, no!
I have to, before I go
to work for the rest of my life.
You're gonna die! You're crazy! Hello?
Another call coming in.
If anyone's feeling brave,
there's a Korean deli on 83rd
that gets their roses today.
Hey, guys.
- Look at that.
- Isn't that the kid we saw yesterday?
Hold it, son, flight deck's restricted.
It's okay, Lou.
We're gonna take him up.
Really? Feeling lucky, are you?
Sign here, here. Just initial that.
- Thank you.
- Okay.
You got a rain advisory today,
and as you all know,
bees cannot fly in rain.
So be careful.
As always, watch your brooms,
hockey sticks, dogs,
birds, bears and bats.
Also, I got a couple of reports
of root beer being poured on us.
Murphy's in a home because of it,
just babbling like a cicada!
- That's awful.
- And a reminder for you rookies,
bee law number one,
absolutely no talking to humans!
All right, launch positions!
Buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz! Buzz, buzz,
buzz, buzz! Buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz! Buzz!
Black and yellow!
Hello!
You ready for this, hot shot?
Yeah. Yeah, bring it on.
Wind, check.
- Antennae, check.
- Nectar pack, check.
- Wings, check.
- Stinger, check.
Scared out of my shorts, check.
Okay, ladies, let's move it out!
Pound those petunias,
you striped stem-suckers!
All of you, drain those flowers!
Wow! I'm out!
I can't believe I'm out!
So blue.
I feel so fast and free!
Box kite!
Wow!
Flowers!
This is Blue Leader.
We have roses visual.
Bring it around 30 degrees and hold.
Roses!
30 degrees, roger. Bringing it around.
Stand to the side, kid.
It's got a bit of a kick.
That is one nectar collector!
- Ever see pollination up close?
- No, sir.
I pick up some pollen over here,
sprinkle it over here.
Maybe a dash over there,
a pinch on that one.
See that? It's a little bit of magic, ain't it?
That's amazing. Why do we do that?
That's pollen power, kid.
More pollen, more flowers, more nectar,
more honey for us.
Cool.
I'm picking up a lot of bright yellow.
Could be daisies. Don't we need those?
Copy that visual.
Hold up. One of these flowers
seems to be on the move.
Say again?
Are you reporting a moving flower?
Affirmative.
That was on the line!
This is the coolest. What is it?
I don't know, but I'm loving this colour.
It smells good.
Not like a flower, but I like it.
Yeah, fuzzy.
Chemical-y.
Careful, guys. It's a little grabby.
My sweet lord of bees!
Candy-brain, get off there!
Problem!
- Guys!
- This could be bad.
Affirmative.
Very close.
Gonna hurt.
Mama's little boy.
You are way out of position, rookie!
Coming in at you like a missile!
Help me!
You know, I don't think these are flowers.
- Should we tell him?
- I think he knows.
What is this?
Match point!
You can just start packing up, honey,
because you're about to eat it!
Yowser!
Gross.
There's a bee in the car!
- Do something!
- I'm driving!
- Hi, bee.
- He's back here!
He's going to sting me!
Nobody move. If you don't move,
he won't sting you. Freeze!
He blinked!
Spray him, Granny!
What are you doing?
Wow, the tension level
out here is unbelievable.
I gotta get home.
Can't fly in rain. Can't fly in rain.
Can't fly in rain.
Mayday! Mayday! Bee going down!
Ken, could you close
the window please?
Check out my new résumé.
I made it into a fold-out brochure.
You see? Folds out.
Oh, no. More humans. I don't need this.
What was that?
Maybe this time. This time. This time.
This time! This time! This...
Drapes!
That is diabolical.
It's fantastic.
It's got all of my special skills,
even my top-ten favourite movies.
What's your number one? Star Wars?
Nah, I don't go for that
kind of stuff.
No wonder we're not supposed to talk
to them. They're out of their minds.
When I walk out of a job interview,
they're flabbergasted,
can't believe the things I say.
There's the sun. Maybe that's a way out.
I don't remember the sun
having a big 75 on it.
I gotta tell ya, I
predicted global warming.
I could feel it getting hotter.
At first I thought it was just me.
Wait! Stop! Bee!
Stand back. These are winter boots.
Wait!
Don't kill him!
You know I'm allergic to them!
This thing could kill me!
Why does his life have
any less value than yours?
Why does his life have any less value
than mine? Is that your statement?
I'm just saying all life has value.
You don't know
what he's capable of feeling.
My brochure!
There you go, little guy.
I'm not scared of him but, you know.
It's an allergic thing.
Put that on your résumé brochure.
It's not funny. My whole face could puff up.
Make it one of your special skills.
You know, knocking someone out
is also a special skill.
Right. Bye, Vanessa. Thanks.
- Vanessa, next week? Yogurt night?
- Sure, Ken. You know, whatever.
- You could put carob chips on there.
- Bye.
- Supposed to be less calories.
I gotta say something.
She saved my life.
All right, here it goes.
Nah.
What would I say?
I could really get in trouble.
It's a bee law.
You're not supposed to talk to a human.
I can't believe I'm doing this.
I've got to.
Oh, I can't do it. Come on!
No. Yes. No.
Do it. I can't.
How should I start it?
"You like jazz?" No, that's no good.
Here she comes! Speak, you fool!
Hi!
I'm sorry.
- You're talking.
- Yes, I know. I know.
You're talking!
I'm so sorry.
No, it's okay. It's fine. It's just...
I know I'm dreaming.
But I don't recall going to bed.
Well, You know, I'm sure this
is very disconcerting.
Yeah, I mean this is a bit of a
surprise to me. I mean, you're a bee!
Yeah, I am a bee. And I'm not supposed
to be doing this,
but they were all trying to kill me.
And if it wasn't for you...
I had to thank you.
It's just the way I was raised.
That was a little weird.
- I'm talking with a bee.
- Yeah.
I'm talking to a bee.
And the bee is talking to me!
I just want you to know that I'm grateful.
And I'm gonna leave now.
- Wait, wait, wait, wait! How did you learn to do that?
- What?
The, the... The talking thing.
Same way you did, I guess.
"Mama, Dada, honey." You pick it up.
- That's very funny.
- Yeah.
Bees are funny. If we didn't laugh,
we'd cry with what we have to deal with.
Anyway...
- Can I get you something?
- Like what?
I don't know. I mean...
I don't know. Coffee?
Well, I don't want to put you out.
It's no trouble. It takes two minutes.
- It's just coffee.
- I hate to impose.
- Don't be ridiculous!
- Actually, I would love a cup.
Hey, you want a little rum cake?
- I really shouldn't.
- Have a little rum cake.
- No, no, no, I can't.
- Come on!
I'm trying to lose a couple micrograms.
- Where?
- These stripes don't help.
You look great!
I don't know if you know
anything about fashion.
Are you all right?
No.
He's making the tie in the cab
as they're flying up Madison.
So he finally gets there.
He runs up the steps into the church.
The wedding is on.
And he says, "Watermelon?
I thought you said Guatemalan.
"Why would I marry a watermelon?"
Is that a bee joke?
That's the kind of stuff that we do.
Yeah, different.
So anyway, what are you gonna do, Barry?
About work? I don't know.
I want to do my part for the hive,
but I can't do it the way they want.
I know how you feel.
- You do?
- Sure.
My parents wanted me to be a lawyer
or a doctor, but I wanted to be a florist.
- Really?
- My only interest is flowers.
Our new queen was just elected
with that same campaign slogan.
Anyway, you see, if you look...
There's my hive right there. See it?
You're in Sheep Meadow!
Yes! You know the Turtle Pond?
I'm right off of that!
No way! I know that area.
Do you know I lost a toe ring there once.
- Why do girls put rings on their toes?
- Why not?
- I don't know. It's like putting a hat on your knee.
- Maybe I'll try that.
- You all right, ma'am?
- Oh, yeah. Fine.
Just having two cups of coffee!
Anyway, this has been great.
Thanks for the coffee.
Yeah, it's no trouble.
Sorry I couldn't finish it.
If I did, I'd be up the rest of my life.
Are you...
Can I take a piece of this with me?
Sure! Here, have a crumb.
- Thanks!
- Yeah.
All right. Well, then,
I guess I'll see you around.
Or not, or...
Okay, Barry.
And thank you
so much again, for before.
Oh, that? That was nothing.
Well, not nothing, but... Anyway...
This can't possibly work.
Well, he's all set to go.
We may as well try it.
Okay, Dave, pull the chute.
- Sounds amazing.
- It was amazing!
It was the scariest,
happiest moment of my life.
Humans! Humans! I can't believe
you were with humans!
Giant, scary humans!
What were they like?
Huge and crazy. They talk crazy.
They eat crazy giant things.
They drive around real crazy.
- Do they try and kill you, like on TV?
- Some of them. But some of them don't.
- How'd you get back?
- Poodle.
You did it, and I'm glad. You saw
whatever you wanted to see out there.
You had your "experience".
Now you can pick out your job
and be normal.
- Well...
- Well?
Well, I met someone.
You did? Was she Bee-ish?
- Not a wasp? Your parents will kill you!
- No, no, no, not a wasp.
- Spider?
- You know I'm not attracted to spiders.
I know it's the hottest thing,
with the eight legs and all.
I can't get by that face.
So, who is she?
She's human.
Oh, no, no, no. That didn't happen.
You didn't do that.
That's a bee law.
You wouldn't break a bee law.
- Her name's Vanessa.
- Oh, boy.
She's so nice. And she's a florist!
Oh, no! No, no, no. You're
dating a human florist!
We're not dating.
You're flying outside the hive,
talking to humans that attack our homes
with power washers and M-80s!
One-eighth a stick of dynamite!
She saved my life!
And she understands me.
This is over!
Eat this.
This is not over! What was that?
- They call it a crumb.
- It was so stingin' stripey!
And that's not even what they eat.
That's what falls off what they eat!
- You know what a Cinnabon is?
- No.
It's bread and cinnamon and frosting.
They heat it up...
Sit down!
- ...really hot!
- Listen to me!
We are not them! We're us.
There's us and there's them!
Yes, but who can deny
the heart that is yearning?
There's no yearning. Stop yearning.
Listen to me!
You have got to start thinking bee,
my friend. Thinking bee!
- Thinking bee.
Thinking bee! Thinking bee!
There he is. He's in the pool.
You know what your problem is, Barry?
I gotta start thinking bee?
Barry, how much longer
is this going to go on?
It's been three days!
I don't understand why you're not working?
I've got a lot of big life decisions
I'm thinking about.
What life? You have no life!
You have no job. You're barely a bee!
Would it kill you to just
make a little honey?
Barry, come out from under there.
Your father's talking to you.
Martin, would you talk to him?
Barry, I'm talking to you!
♪ Sugar ♪
♪ Ah, honey, honey ♪
♪ You are my candy, girl ♪
♪ And you got me wanting you ♪
♪ Honey ♪
♪ Ah, sugar, sugar ♪
You coming?
Got everything?
All set!
You go ahead. I'll catch up.
Don't be too long.
♪ I just can't believe
The loveliness of loving you ♪
♪ I just can't believe it's true ♪
♪ I just can't believe
The wonder of this feeling, too ♪
♪ I just can't believe it's true ♪
Watch this!
♪ Sugar ♪
♪ Ah, honey, honey ♪
Vanessa!
- We're still here, Barry.
- I told you not to yell at him.
He doesn't respond when you yell at him!
- Then why are you yelling at me?
- Because you don't listen!
I'm not listening to this.
Sorry, mom, I've gotta go.
- Where are you going?
- Nowhere. I'm meeting a friend.
A girl? Is this why you can't decide?
Bye.
I just hope she's Bee-ish.
So they have a huge parade
of just flowers every year in Pasadena?
To be in the Tournament of Roses,
that's every florist's dream!
Up on a float, surrounded by flowers,
crowds cheering.
Wow, a tournament. Do the roses
compete in athletic events?
No. All right, I've got one.
How come you don't fly everywhere?
It's exhausting. Why don't you
run everywhere? It's faster.
Yeah, okay, I see, I see.
All right, your turn.
TiVo. You can just freeze live TV?
That's insane!
You don't have anything like that?
We have Hivo, but it's a disease.
It's a horrible, horrible disease.
Oh, my.
Dumb bees!
You must want to sting all those jerks.
We really try not to sting.
It's usually fatal for us.
So you have to watch your temper.
Very carefully.
You kick a wall, take a walk,
write an angry letter and throw it out.
You work through it like any emotion:
Anger, jealousy, lust.
Oh, my goodness! Are you okay?
Yeah.
- What is wrong with you?
- It's a bug.
He's not bothering anybody.
Get out of here, you creep!
What was that? A Pick 'n Save circular?
Yeah, it was. How did you know?
It felt like about 10 pages.
Seventy-five is pretty much our limit.
You've really got that
down to a science.
- We have to. I lost a cousin to Italian Vogue.
- I'll bet.
What in the name
of Mighty Hercules is this?
How did this get here?
Cute Bee, Golden Blossom,
Ray Liotta Private Select?
- Is he that actor?
- I never heard of him.
- Why is this here?
- For people. We eat it.
Why? You don't have
enough food of your own?
- Well, yes.
- How do you even get it?
- Bees make it.
- I know who makes it!
And it's hard to make it!
There's heating and cooling, stirring.
You need a whole Krelman thing!
- It's organic.
- It's our-ganic!
It's just honey, Barry.
Just what?
Bees don't know about this!
This is stealing! A lot of stealing!
You've taken our homes, our schools,
our hospitals! This is all we have!
And it's on sale?
I'm getting to the bottom of this.
I'm getting to the bottom of all of this!
Hey, Hector.
- You almost done?
- Almost.
He is here. I sense it.
Well, I guess I'll go home now
and just leave this nice honey out,
with no one around.
You're busted, box boy!
I knew I heard something.
So you can talk!
I can talk. And now you're
gonna start talking!
Where you getting all the sweet stuff?
Who's your supplier?
I don't know what you're talking about.
I thought we were all friends.
The last thing we want
to do is upset bees!
You're too late! It's ours now!
You, sir, have crossed
the wrong sword!
You, sir, are about to be lunch
for my iguana, Ignacio!
Where is the honey coming from?
Tell me where!
Honey Farms!
It comes from Honey Farms!
Crazy person!
Oh my, what horrible
thing has happened here?
Look at these faces,
they never knew what hit them.
And now they're on the road to nowhere!
Just keep still.
- What? You're not dead?
- Do I look dead?
They will wipe anything that moves.
Where you headed?
To Honey Farms.
I am onto something huge here.
I'm going to Alaska. Moose blood,
crazy stuff. Blows your head off!
I'm going to Tacoma.
- What about you?
- He really is dead.
All right.
Uh-oh!
- What is that?
- Oh, no!
- A wiper! Triple blade!
- Triple blade?
Jump on! It's your only chance, bee!
Why does everything
have to be so doggone clean?
How much do you people need to see?
Open your eyes!
Stick your head out the window!
From NPR News in Washington,
I'm Carl Kasell.
But don't kill no more bugs!
- Bee!
- Moose blood guy!
- You hear something?
- Like what?
Like tiny screaming.
Turn off the radio.
Whassup, bee boy?
Hey, Blood.
And it was just an endless row of honey
jars, as far as the eye could see.
Wow!
So I'm just assuming wherever this honey
truck goes, that's where they're getting it.
I mean, that honey's ours.
- Bees hang tight.
- Well, we're all jammed in there.
It's a close community.
Not us, man. We on our own.
Every mosquito on his own.
- What if you get in trouble?
- Trouble? You a mosquito, you in trouble.
Nobody likes us. They just all smackin'.
People see a mosquito, smack, smack!
At least you're out in the world.
You must meet a lot of girls.
Mosquito girls try to trade up,
get with a moth, dragonfly.
Mosquito girl don't want no mosquito.
You got to be kidding me!
Mooseblood's about
to leave the building! So long, bee!
- Hey, guys!
- Mooseblood!
I knew I'd catch y'all down here.
Did you bring your crazy straw?
We throw it in some jars, slap a label
on it, and it's pretty much pure profit.
What is this place?
A bee's got a brain
the size of a pinhead.
They are pinheads!
Pinhead.
- Check out the new smoker.
- Oh, sweet. That's the one you want.
The Thomas 3000!
Smoker?
Ninety puffs a minute, semi-automatic.
Twice the nicotine, all the tar.
A couple breaths of this
knocks them right out.
They make the honey,
and we make the money.
"They make the honey,
and we make the money"?
Oh, my!
What's going on? Are you okay?
Yeah. It doesn't last too long.
How do all these bees get here?
Do you know you're
in a fake hive with fake walls?
Our queen was moved here.
We had no choice.
This is your queen?
That's a man in women's clothes!
That's a drag queen!
What is this?
Oh, no! There's hundreds of them!
Bee honey.
Our honey is being brazenly stolen
on a massive scale!
This is worse than anything
the bears have done to us!
And I intend to do something about it.
Oh, Barry, stop.
Who told you that humans
are taking our honey? That's a rumour.
Do these look like rumours?
That's a conspiracy theory.
These are obviously doctored photos.
Barry, how did you get mixed up in this?
He's been talking to humans.
- What?
- Talking to humans?
He has a human girlfriend.
And they make out!
Make out? Barry!
We do not.
- You wish you could.
- Whose side are you on?
The bees!
I dated a cricket once in San Antonio.
Man, those crazy legs kept me up all night.
Barry, this is what you want
to do with your life?
This is what I want to do for all our lives.
Nobody works harder than bees!
Dad, I remember you
coming home some night so overworked
your hands were still stirring.
You couldn't stop.
I remember that.
What right do they have to our hard-earned
honey? We're living on two cups a year.
They put it in lip balm
for no reason whatsoever!
Even if it's true, Barry
what could one bee do?
I'm gonna sting them where it really hurts.
In the face! The eye!
- That would really hurt.
- No.
Up the nose? That's a killer.
There's only one place you can sting
the humans, one place where it really matters.
Hive at Five, the hive's only
full-hour action news source.
No more bee beards!
With Bob Bumble at the anchor desk.
Weather with Storm Stinger.
Sports with Buzz Larvi.
And Jeanette Chung.
- Good evening. I'm Bob Bumble.
- And I'm Jeanette Chung.
Our top story: A tri-county
bee, Barry Benson,
is saying he intends to sue the human race
for stealing our honey,
packaging it and profiting
from it illegally!
Don't forget, tomorrow
night on Bee Larry King,
we're gonna have three former queens all right
here in our studio, discussing their new book,
Classy Ladies,
out this week on Hexagon.
Tonight we're talking to Barry Benson.
Did you ever think, "I'm just a kid
from the hive. I can't do this"?
Larry, bees have never been afraid
to change the world.
I mean, what about Bee Columbus?
Bee Gandhi? Bejesus?
Where I'm from,
you wouldn't think of suing humans.
We were thinking
more like stick ball or candy stores.
How old are you?
I want you to know that the entire bee
community is supporting you in this case,
which is certain to be the trial
of the bee century.
Thank you Larry. You know, they have a
Larry King in the human world, too.
It's a common name. Next
week on Bee Larry King...
No, I mean he looks like you and has a show and
suspenders and different coloured dots behind him...
Next week on Bee Larry King...
An old guy, glasses, and there's quotes along the bottom from
the guest you're watching even though you just heard them.
Bear Week next week! They're scary,
they're hairy and they're here live.
Always leans forward, pointy shoulders,
squinty eyes, very Jewish.
In tennis, you attack
at the point of weakness!
But it was my grandmother, Ken. She's 81.
Honey, her backhand's a joke!
I'm not gonna take advantage of that?
Quiet, please.
Actual work going on here.
- Is that that same bee?
- Yes, it is!
I'm helping him sue the human race.
- Hello.
- Hello, bee.
This is Ken.
Yeah, I remember you.
Timberland, size ten and a half.
Vibram sole, I believe.
Why does he talk again?
Listen, you better go
'cause we're really busy working.
But it's our yoghurt night!
Bye-bye.
Why is yoghurt night so difficult?
You poor thing.
You two have been at this for hours!
Yes, and Adam here
has been a huge help.
- Frosting...
- How many sugars?
Just one.
I try not to use the competition.
So why are you helping me anyway?
Bees have good qualities.
And it feels good to take
my mind off the shop.
I don't know why.
But instead of flowers, people
are giving balloon bouquets now.
Yeah those are great, if you're three.
And artificial flowers.
- Oh, those just get me psychotic!
- Yeah, me, too.
Bent stingers, the pointless pollination.
Bees must hate those fake plastic things!
Nothing worse
than a daffodil that's had work done.
Well, maybe this could make up
for it a little bit.
- You know, Barry, this lawsuit's a pretty big deal.
- I guess.
You sure you want to go through with it?
Am I sure? When I'm done with
the humans, they won't be able to say,
"Honey, I'm home,"
without paying a royalty!
Sarah, it's an incredible scene
here in downtown Manhattan,
where all eyes and ears in the world are anxiously
waiting, because for the first time in history,
we're going to hear for ourselves
if a honeybee can actually speak.
What have we gotten into here, Barry?
I don't know, but it's
pretty big, isn't it?
I can't believe how many humans
don't have to be at work during the day.
You think these billion-dollar multinational
food companies have good lawyers?
Everybody needs to stay back
behind the barricade.
- What's the matter?
- I don't know, I just got a chill.
Well, if it isn't the bee team.
Hey, you boys work on this?
All rise! The Honourable
Judge Bumbleton presiding.
All right. Case number 4475,
Superior Court of New York,
Barry Bee Benson
versus the Honey Industry
is now in session.
Mr. Montgomery, you're representing
the five major food companies collectively?
A privilege.
Mr. Benson, you're representing
all the bees of the world?
I'm kidding. I'm kidding. Yes, Your
Honour, we're ready to proceed.
And Mr. Montgomery,
your opening statement, please.
Ladies and gentlemen of the jury,
my grandmother was a simple woman.
Born on a farm, she believed
it was man's divine right
to benefit from the bounty
of nature God put before us.
If we were to live in the topsy-turvy world
Mr. Benson imagines,
just think of what would it mean.
Maybe I would have to negotiate
with the silkworm
for the elastic in my britches!
Talking bee!
How do we know this isn't some sort of
holographic motion-picture-capture
Hollywood wizardry?
They could be using laser beams!
Robotics! Ventriloquism! Cloning!
For all we know,
he could be on steroids!
Mr. Benson?
Ladies and gentlemen of the jury,
there's no trickery here.
I'm just an ordinary bee. And as a
bee, honey's pretty important to me.
It's important to all bees.
We invented it!
We make it.
And we protect it with our lives.
Unfortunately, there are
some people in this room
who think they can take whatever they want
from us 'cause we're the little guys!
And what I'm hoping is that,
after this is all over,
you'll see how, by taking our honey, you
not only taking away everything we have,
but everything we are!
Oh I wish he'd dress like
that all the time. So nice!
Call your first witness.
So, Mr. Klauss Vanderhayden
of Honey Farms,
- pretty big company you have there.
- I suppose so.
And I see you also own
Honeyburton and Honron!
Yes, they provide bee keepers
for our farms.
Bee keeper. I find that to be a very
disturbing term, I have to say.
I don't imagine you employ
any bee-free-ers, do you?
- No.
- I'm sorry, I couldn't hear you.
Because you don't free bees.
You keep bees. And not only that,
it seems you thought a bear would be
an appropriate image for a jar of honey.
Well, they're very lovable creatures.
Yogi Bear, Fozzie Bear, Build-a-Bear.
Yeah, you mean like this?
Bears kill bees!
How'd you like his big hairy head crashing
through your living room?
Biting into your couch!
Spitting out your throw pillows!
Okay, that's enough. Take him away.
So, Mr. Sting, thank you for being here.
Your name intrigues me, I have to say.
- Where have I heard it before?
- I was with a band called the Police.
But you've never been
a police officer of any kind, have you?
- No, I haven't.
- No, you haven't.
And so here we have
yet another example
of bee culture being
casually stolen by a human
for nothing more than
a prance-about stage name.
Oh, please.
Have you ever been stung, Mr. Sting?
Because I'm feeling a little stung, Sting.
Or should I say, Mr. Gordon M. Sumner!
That's not his real name? You idiots!
Mr. Liotta, first, may I offer belated
congratulations on your Emmy win
for a guest spot on ER in 2005.
Thank you. Thank you.
I also see from your résumé
that you're devilishly handsome
but with a churning inner turmoil
that's always ready to blow.
I enjoy what I do. Is that a crime?
Not yet it isn't. But is this what
it's come to for you, Mr. Liotta?
Exploiting tiny, helpless bees
so you don't have to rehearse
your part and learn your lines, sir?
Watch it, Benson!
I could blow right now!
This isn't a goodfella.
This is a badfella!
Why doesn't someone just step on this
little creep, and we can all go home?
- Order! Order in this court!
- You're all thinking it!
Order! Order, I say!
- Say it!
- Mr. Liotta, please sit down!
I just think it was awfully nice
of that bear to pitch in like that.
I'm telling you, I think
the jury's on our side.
Are we doing everything
right, you know, legally?
I'm a florist.
Right, right. Well, here's to a great team.
To a great team!
Well, hello.
- Ken!
- Hello.
I didn't think you were coming.
No, I was just late.
I tried to call, but... the battery.
I didn't want all this to go to waste,
so I called Barry. Luckily, he was free.
Yeah!
Oh, that was lucky.
Well, there's a little left.
I could heat it up.
Yeah, heat it up, sure, whatever.
So, I hear you're quite a tennis player.
I'm not much for the game myself.
I find the ball a little grabby.
That's where I usually sit. Right there.
Ken, Barry was looking at your résumé,
and he agreed with me
that eating with chopsticks
isn't really a special skill.
You think I don't see what you're doing?
Hey look, I know how hard it is trying to find the
right job. We certainly have that in common.
Do we?
Well, bees have 100 percent employment of
course, but we do jobs like taking the crud out.
That's just what I was thinking
about doing.
Ken, I let Barry borrow your razor
for his fuzz. I hope that was all right.
I'm going to go drain the old stinger.
Yeah, you do that.
Look at that.
You know. You know, I've just about had it
with your little mind games.
- What's that?
- Italian Vogue.
Mamma mia, that's a lot of pages.
It's a lot of ads.
Remember what Van said,
why is your life any
more valuable than mine?
That's funny, I just can't
seem to recall that!
I think something stinks in here!
I love the smell of flowers.
Yeah? How do you like the smell of flames?
Not as much.
Water bug! Not taking sides!
Ken, look at me. I'm wearing a
Chapstick hat! This is pathetic!
I've got issues!
Well, well, well, a royal flush!
- You're bluffing.
- Am I?
Surf's up, dude!
Poo water!
That bowl is gnarly.
Except for those dirty yellow rings!
Kenneth! What are you doing?
You know what, I don't even like honey!
I don't eat it!
We need to talk!
He's just a little bee!
And he happens to be
the nicest bee I've met in a long time!
Long time? What are you talking about?
Are there other bugs in your life?
No, but there are other things
bugging me in life.
And you're one of them!
Fine! Talking bees, no yoghurt night...
My nerves are fried from riding
on this emotional roller coaster!
Goodbye, Ken.
And for your information,
I prefer sugar-free,
artificial sweeteners made by man!
I'm sorry about all that.
I know it's got an after-taste! I like it!
I always felt there was some kind
of barrier between Ken and me.
I couldn't overcome it. Oh, well.
Are you gonna be okay
for the trial tomorrow?
I believe Mr. Montgomery
is about out of ideas.
We would like to call
Mr. Barry Benson Bee to the stand.
Now that's a good idea!
You can really see why he's considered
one of the very best lawyers...
Yeah.
Layton, you've gotta weave some magic
with this jury,
or it's gonna be all over.
Don't worry, Mr. Gamble. The only thing
I have to do to turn this jury around
is to remind them
of what they don't like about bees.
- You got the tweezers?
- Are you allergic?
Only to losing, son. Only to losing.
Mr. Benson Bee, I'll ask you
what I think we'd all like to know.
What exactly is your relationship
to that woman?
We're friends.
- Good friends?
- Yes.
How good? Do you live together?
Wait a minute. This isn't about...
Are you her little
bedbug?
I've seen a bee documentary or two.
Now from what I understand,
doesn't your queen give birth
to all the bee children in the hives?
- Yeah, but...
- So those aren't even your real parents!
- Oh, Barry...
- Yes, they are!
Hold me back!
You're an illegitimate bee,
aren't you, Benson?
He's denouncing bees!
And don't y'all date your cousins?
- Objection!
- I'm going to pincushion this guy!
Adam, don't! It's what he wants!
Oh, I'm hit!
Oh, lordy, I am hit!
Order! Order!
The venom! The venom
is coursing through my veins!
I have been felled
by a winged beast of destruction!
You see?
You can't treat them like equals!
They're striped savages!
Stinging's the only thing they know!
It's their way!
- Adam, stay with me.
- I... I can't feel my legs.
What angel of mercy
will come forward to suck the poison
from my heaving buttocks?
I will have order in my court. Order!
Order, please!
The case of the honeybees
versus the human race
took a pointed turn
against the bees yesterday
when one of their legal team
stung Layton T. Montgomery.
- Hey, buddy.
- Hey.
- Is there much pain?
- Yeah.
I...
- I blew the whole case, didn't I?
- It doesn't matter.
The important thing is you're alive.
You could have died.
I'd be better off dead. Look at me.
They got it from the cafeteria. They got
it from downstairs, in a tuna sandwich.
Look, there's a little celery still on it.
What was it like to sting someone?
I can't explain it. It was all...
All adrenaline and then...
And then ecstasy!
All right.
You think it was all a trap?
Of course.
I'm sorry. I flew us right into this.
What were we thinking? Look at us.
We're just a couple of bugs
in this world.
What do you think the humans
will do to us if they win?
I don't know.
I hear they put the roaches in motels.
That doesn't sound so bad.
Adam, they check in,
but they don't check out!
Oh, my.
Say, could you get a nurse
to close that window?
- Why?
- The smoke.
Bees don't smoke.
Right. Bees don't smoke.
Bees don't smoke!
But some bees are smoking.
Adam, that's it! That's our case!
It is? It's not over?
No, get up. Get dressed.
I've gotta go somewhere.
You get back to the court and stall.
Stall any way you can.
And assuming you've done
step 29 correctly,
you're ready for the tub.
Mr. Flayman.
Yes? Yes, Your Honour!
Where is the rest of your team?
Well, Your Honour, it's interesting.
You know, bees are trained
to fly kind of haphazardly,
and as a result, quite often
we don't make very good time.
I actually once heard a
funny story about...
Your Honour,
haven't these ridiculous bugs
taken up enough
of this court's valuable time?
How much longer are we going to allow
these absurd shenanigans to go on?
They have presented no compelling
evidence to support their charges
against my clients, who all run
perfectly legitimate businesses.
I move for a complete dismissal
of this entire case!
Mr. Flayman, I'm afraid I'm going
to have to consider
Mr. Montgomery's motion.
But you can't! We have a terrific case.
Where is your proof?
Where is the evidence?
Show me the smoking gun!
Hold it, Your Honour!
You want a smoking gun?
Here is your smoking gun.
What is that?
It's a bee smoker!
What, this?
This harmless little contraption?
This couldn't hurt a fly, let alone a bee.
Members of the jury, look
at what has happened
to bees who have never been asked,
"Smoking or non?"
Is this what nature intended for us?
To be forcibly addicted
to these smoke machines
in man-made wooden slat
work camps?
Living out our lives as honey slaves
to the white man?
- What are we gonna do?
- He's playing the species card.
Ladies and gentlemen, please,
free these bees!
Free the bees! Free the bees!
Free the bees!
The court finds in favour of the bees!
Vanessa, we won!
Yay! I knew you could do it! High-five!
Sorry.
I'm okay! Vanessa, do you
know what this means?
All the honey is finally
gonna belong to the bees.
Now we won't have
to work so hard all the time.
This is an unholy perversion
of the balance of nature, Benson.
You'll regret this.
Barry, how much honey do
you think is out there?
All right. One at a time.
Barry, who are you wearing?
My sweater is Ralph Lauren,
and I have no pants.
- What if Montgomery's right?
- What do you mean?
We've been living the bee way
a long time, 27 million years.
Congratulations on your victory.
What are you going to demand as a settlement?
First, we're gonna demand a complete
shutdown of all bee work camps.
Then we want back the honey
that was ours to begin with,
every last drop.
We demand an end to the glorification
of the bear as anything more
than a filthy, smelly, big-headed
bad-breath stink machine.
I believe we're all aware
of what they do in the woods.
Wait for my signal.
Take him out.
He'll have a little nausea for a few hours,
then he'll be fine.
And we will no longer tolerate derogatory
bee-negative nicknames...
But it's just a prance-about stage name!
...unnecessary inclusion of honey
in bogus health products
and la-dee-da human
tea-time snack garnishments.
Can't breathe.
Bring it in, boys!
Hold it right there! Good.
Tap it.
Mr. Buzzwell,
we just passed three cups,
and there's gallons more coming!
- I think we need to shut down!
- Shut down? We've never shut down.
Shut down honey production!
Stop making honey!
Turn your key, sir!
What do we do now?
Cannonball!
We're shutting down honey production!
Mission abort.
Aborting pollination and nectar detail.
Returning to base.
Adam, you wouldn't believe
how much honey was out there.
Oh, yeah?
What's going on around here?
Where is everybody?
- Are they out celebrating?
- No, they're just home.
They don't know what to do.
They're laying out, they're sleeping in.
I heard your Uncle Carl was on his way
to San Antonio with a cricket.
At least we got our honey back.
Yeah but sometimes I think, so what if the
humans liked our honey? Who wouldn't?
It's the greatest thing in the world!
I was excited to be a part of making it.
This was my new desk.
This was my new job.
I wanted to do it really well. And now...
Now I can't.
I don't understand why they're not happy.
We have so much now.
I thought their lives would be better!
They're doing nothing. It's amazing.
Honey really changes people.
You don't have any idea
what's going on, do you?
- What did you want to show me?
- This.
What happened here?
That is not the half of it.
Oh, no. Oh, my.
They're all wilting.
Doesn't look very good, does it?
No.
And whose fault do you think that is?
You know, I'm gonna guess bees.
- Bees?
- Specifically, me.
I guess I didn't think bees not needing to make
honey would affect all these other things.
It's not just flowers.
Fruits, vegetables, they all need bees.
That's our whole SAT test right there.
So you take away the produce,
that affects the entire animal kingdom.
And then, of course...
The human species?
So if there's no more pollination,
it could all just go south here,
couldn't it?
I know this is also partly my fault.
How about a suicide pact?
How do we do it?
- I'll sting you, you step on me.
- That just kills you twice.
Right, right.
Listen, Barry,
sorry, but I gotta get going.
I had to open my mouth and talk.
Vanessa?
Vanessa? Why are you leaving?
Where are you going?
To the final Tournament of Roses
parade in Pasadena.
They've moved it up to this weekend
because all the flowers are dying.
It's the last chance
I'll ever have to see it.
Vanessa, I just wanna say I'm sorry.
I never meant it to turn out like this.
I know. Me neither.
Tournament of Roses.
Roses can't do sports.
Wait a minute. Roses. Roses?
Roses!
Vanessa!
Roses?
Barry?
- Roses are flowers!
- Yes, they are.
Flowers, bees, pollen!
I know.
That's why this is the last parade.
Maybe not.
Could you ask him to slow down?
Could you slow down?
Barry!
Okay, I made a huge mistake. This is a
total disaster, and it's all my fault.
Yes, it kind of is.
I've ruined the planet and I wanted
to help you with the flower shop.
Instead I've made it worse.
Actually, it's completely closed down.
I thought maybe you were remodelling.
Nonetheless, I have another idea,
and it's greater
than all my previous great ideas combined.
I don't want to hear it!
All right, here's what I'm thinking: They
have the roses, the roses have the pollen.
I know every bee, plant
and flower bud in this park.
All we gotta do is get what they've got
back here with what we've got.
- Bees.
- Park.
- Pollen!
- Flowers.
- Repollination!
- Across the nation!
All right, Tournament of Roses,
Pasadena, California.
They've got nothing but flowers,
floats and cotton candy.
Security will be tight.
I have an idea.
Vanessa Bloome, FTD.
Official floral business. It's real.
Sorry, ma'am. That's a
nice brooch, by the way.
Thank you. It was a gift.
Then once we're inside, we
just pick the right float.
How about the Princess and the Pea?
Yeah!
I could be the princess,
and you could be the pea!
Yes, I got it.
- Sorry I'm late. Where should I sit?
- What are you?
- I believe I'm the pea.
- The pea?
It's supposed to be under the mattresses.
- Not in this fairy tale, sweetheart.
- I'm gonna go talk to the marshal.
You do that!
This whole parade is a fiasco!
Let's see what this baby'll do.
Hey, what are you doing?
Then all we do is blend in with traffic,
without arousing suspicion.
And once we're at the airport,
there's no stopping us.
Stop! Security.
- Did you and your insect pack your own float?
- Yes.
- Has the float been in your possession the entire time?
Would you remove your shoes
and everything in your pockets?
- Can you remove your stinger, sir?
- That's part of me.
I know. Just having some fun.
Enjoy your flight.
Then if we're lucky, we'll have
just enough pollen to do the job.
Can you believe how lucky we are?
We have just enough pollen
to do the job!
I think this is gonna work, Vanessa.
It's got to work.
Attention, passengers,
this is Captain Scott.
I'm afraid we have a bit of bad weather
in the New York area.
It looks like we're gonna be
experiencing a couple of hours delay.
Barry, these are cut flowers
with no water.
They'll never make it.
I gotta get up there and
talk to these guys.
Be careful.
Hey, can I get help
with the Sky Mall magazine?
I'd like to order the talking
inflatable ear and nose hair trimmer.
Excuse me, Captain, I'm
in a real situation here.
- What'd you say, Hal?
- I didn't say anything.
Bee!
Don't freak out! There's a chance.
My entire species...
What are you doing?
- Wait a minute! I'm an attorney!
- Who's an attorney?
Don't move.
Oh, Barry.
Good afternoon, passengers.
This is your captain speakin'.
Would a Miss Vanessa Bloome in 24B
please report to the cockpit?
And please hurry!
What happened here?
I tried to talk to them, but then there was a
DustBuster, a toupee, a life raft exploded.
Now one's bald, one's in a boat,
and they're both unconscious!
- Is that another bee joke?
- No!
No one's flying the plane!
This is JFK control tower, Flight 356.
What's your status?
This is Vanessa Bloome.
I'm a florist from New York.
Where's the pilot?
He's unconscious, and so is the copilot.
Not good. Is there anyone onboard
who has flight experience?
As a matter of fact, there is.
- Who's that?
- Barry Benson.
From the honey trial? Oh, great.
Vanessa, this is nothing more
than a big metal bee.
It's got giant wings, huge engines.
I can't fly a plane.
- Why not? Isn't John Travolta a pilot?
- Yes.
How hard could it be?
Wait a minute, Barry!
We're headed into some lightning.
This is Bob Bumble. We have some
late-breaking news from JFK Airport,
where a very suspenseful scene
is developing.
Barry Benson,
fresh off his stunning legal victory...
That's Barry!
...is now attempting to land a plane,
loaded with people, flowers
and an incapacitated flight crew.
Flowers?
We have an electrical storm in the area and two
individuals at the controls of a jumbo jet
with absolutely no flight experience.
Just a minute, Mr. Ditchwater.
There's a honey bee on that plane.
I'm quite familiar with Mr. Benson's work
and his no-account compadres.
Haven't they done enough damage already?
But isn't he your only hope right now?
Come on, technically, a bee
shouldn't be able to fly at all.
Their wings are too small,
their bodies are too big...
Hey, hold on a second.
Haven't we heard this a million times?
"The surface area of the wings
and body mass doesn't make sense."
- Get this on the air!
- You got it.
- Stand by.
- We're going live.
Mr. Ditchwater, the way we work
may be a mystery to you.
Because making honey takes a lot of bees
doing a lot of small jobs.
But let me tell you about a small job.
If you do it really well,
it makes a big difference.
More than we realized.
To us, to everyone.
That's why I want to get bees back to
doing what we do best, working together.
That's the bee way!
We're not made of Jell-O.
We get behind a fellow.
- Black and yellow!
- Hello!
Left, right, down, hover.
- Hover?
- Forget hover.
You know what? This isn't so hard.
Beep-beep! Beep-beep!
Barry, what happened?
Wait a minute, I think we were
on autopilot that whole time.
- That may have been helping me.
- And now we're not!
So it turns out I cannot fly a plane.
All of you, let's get behind this fellow!
Move it out!
Move out!
Our only chance is if I do what I would do,
and you copy me
with the wings of the plane!
Don't have to yell.
I'm not yelling! We happen to
be in a lot of trouble here.
It's very hard to concentrate
with that panicky tone in your voice!
It's not a tone. I'm panicking!
I don't think I can do this!
Vanessa, pull yourself together. Listen
to me! You have got to snap out of it!
You snap out of it.
- You snap out of it!
- Hold it!
- Why? Come on, it's my turn.
How is the plane flying?
I don't know.
Hello?
Hey Benson, have you got any flowers
for a happy occasion in there?
The Pollen Jocks!
They do get behind a fellow.
- Black and yellow.
- Hello.
All right you two, what do you say we
drop this tin can on the black-top.
What black top? Where? I
can't see anything. Can you?
No, nothing. It's all cloudy.
Come on. You got to think bee, Barry.
- Thinking bee.
Thinking bee!
Thinking bee! Thinking bee!
Wait a minute.
I think I'm feeling something.
- What?
- I don't know but it's strong, pulling me.
Like a 27-million-year-old instinct.
Bring the nose of the plane down.
Thinking bee!
Thinking bee! Thinking bee!
- What in the world is on the tarmac?
- Get some lights on that!
Thinking bee!
Thinking bee! Thinking bee!
- Vanessa, aim for the flower.
- Okay.
- Cut the engines.
- Cut the engines?
We're going in on bee power.
Ready, boys?
Affirmative!
Good. Good. Easy, now. That's it.
Land on that flower!
Ready boys? Full reverse!
Spin it around!
- Not that flower! The other flower!
- Which flower?
- That flower.
- I'm aiming at the flower!
That's a fat guy in a flowered shirt.
I mean the giant black and yellow pulsating flower
made of millions of bees!
Pull forward. Nose down.
Bring your tail up.
Rotate around it.
- This is insane, Barry!
- This is the only way I know how to fly.
Am I koo-koo-kachoo, or is this plane
flying in an insect-like pattern?
Get your nose in there. Don't be
afraid of it. Smell it. Full reverse!
Easy. Just drop it. Be a part of it.
Aim for the centre!
Now drop it in! Drop it in, woman!
Come on, already.
Barry, we did it!
You taught me how to fly!
- Yes. No high-five!
- Right.
Barry, it worked!
Did you see the giant flower?
What giant flower? Where? Of course I saw
the flower! That was genius, man, genius!
- Thank you.
- But we're not done yet.
Listen, everyone!
This runway is covered
with the last pollen
from the last flowers
available anywhere on Earth.
That means this is our last chance.
We're the only ones who make honey,
pollinate flowers and dress like this.
If we're gonna survive as a species,
this is our moment!
So what do you all say?
Are we going to be bees, or just
Museum of Natural History key chains?
We're bees!
Keychain!
Then follow me! Except Keychain.
Hold on, Barry. Here.
You've earned this.
Yeah!
I'm a Pollen Jock! And it's a perfect fit.
All I gotta do are the sleeves.
Oh, yeah.
That's our Barry.
♪ Here comes the sun ♪
♪ And I say
It's all right ♪
♪ Little darling ♪
♪ It's been a long, cold, lonely winter ♪
♪ Little darling
It feels like years since it's been here ♪
♪ Here comes the sun ♪
♪ Here comes the sun and I say
It's all right ♪
♪ Little darling ♪
♪ The smiles returning to the faces ♪
♪ It seems like years since it's been here ♪
♪ Here comes the sun ♪
♪ And I say
It's all right ♪
♪ Mom! The bees are back! ♪
♪ Sun, sun, sun
Here it comes! ♪
If anybody needs to make a call,
now's the time.
I got a feeling
we'll be working late tonight!
♪ Little darling
I feel the ice is slowly melting ♪
Here's your change.
And have a great afternoon!
Can I help who's next? Who's next?
Would you like some honey with that?
It is bee-approved. Don't forget these.
Milk, cream, cheese, it's all me.
And I don't see a nickel!
Sometimes I just feel
like a piece of meat!
I had no idea.
Barry, I'm sorry.
Have you got a moment?
Would you excuse me? My mosquito
associate here will be able to help you.
Sorry I'm late.
He's a lawyer, too?
Ma'am, I was already a blood-sucking
parasite. All I needed was a briefcase.
Have a great afternoon!
Barry, I just got this huge tulip order for
a wedding, and I can't get them anywhere.
No problem, Vannie.
Just leave it to me.
You're a lifesaver, Barry.
Can I help who's next? Who's next?
All right, scramble, Jocks!
It's time to fly.
Thank you, Barry!
That bee is living my life!
Let it go, Kenny.
- When will this nightmare end?
- Let it all go.
♪ Here comes the sun ♪
- Beautiful day to fly.
- Sure is.
Between you and me,
I was dying to get out of that office.
♪ It's all right ♪
You have got
to start thinking bee, my friend.
- Thinking bee!
- Me?
♪ Thinking bee! Thinking bee!
Get smart and start thinking bee! ♪
Gee!
- ♪ Flying here and buzzing there ♪
- ♪ I'm loving the views ♪
♪ Listen to me, cousin
Every buzzer must choose to be a bee ♪
- ♪ Or not to be ♪
- ♪ Start thinking bee ♪
- ♪ Barry, you got no occupation ♪
- ♪ What, you mean like pollination? ♪
- ♪ Hey, now, that's thinking bee! ♪
- ♪ Start thinking bee ♪
♪ Listen, fella
Ain't you been on the tour? ♪
- ♪ Kid, your stripes are black and yella ♪
- ♪ I just want to be sure ♪
- ♪ To be a bee ♪
- ♪ Start thinking bee ♪
- ♪ Can't I wait and see? ♪
- ♪ No, Barry, that's not to be ♪
♪ Be a busy little bee
Not a tizzy little bee ♪
Hold it. Hold it. Let's just
stop for a second. Hold it.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry, everyone.
Can we stop here?
I'm not making a major life decision in the
middle of a huge musical production number!
All right, all right. Take ten, everybody.
Wrap it up, guys.
I had virtually no rehearsal for that.